andrew mckay of cythia also known as
andy
booker joe and nikki are centuries old
warriors with regenerative
and healing capabilities who use your
worst experience to help people
a former cia operative copley hires them
to rescue
a group of kidnapped children in south
sudan however
they are ambushed by a sport of highly
clean mercenaries
after healing their wounds and killing
their attackers they realized
copley had shacked a trap for them
meanwhile in afghanistan
a u.s marine oil free man has her throat
lit while taking down an entry target
but instead of dying
she recovers without a scratch soon
after
she shares a dream with the other
immortals
who are then alerted to her existence
and he tracks down and rescues the free
man
before the military personnel can abduct
her for testing copley shows the video
of ambush to the pharmaceutical
executive stephen merritt
who sends operatives to capture them and
he brings nile to france where nile
meets the rest of their team
she is told about the queen the first
and his comrade who was cast into the
sea in an
iron maiden and had been continually
drowning ever since
the group also reveals that they are not
truly immortal
their ability to heal eventually stops
and which happened to the previous
immortal likely the group are ambushed
by the medic's forces joe and nikki are
captured
while a heavily wounded wooker is left
behind andy
kills their asylums but recovers that
she has lost her immortality
booker locates copley while the noise
separates from the group to reunite with
her family
andy and booker go to confront copley
but booker betrays andy
by founding her arguing that merit might
find a way to end their immortality as
as they are captured booker realizes
that and is not healing
copley has a change of heart when he
sees that marriage is willing to torture
the immortals to study them
and make profits of them nile having
realized luka sold out the group
arrives too late to intervene but she
convinces copley to assist her in the
rescue mission
copley and nyle storm the merrick's
london office
after the rest of immortals are freed by
the knife they fight their way out
through the rest of
merrick's security
[Music]
ultimately killing merrick himself as a
punishment for the nuker's material
group forbids booker from contracting
the rest of them
for 100 years rest of the group meet
with copley who reveals how their past
missions had a greater effect than they
ever knew with the descendants of the
people they had
rescued going on to help the world they
grew
tasks copley with keeping their
existence
as a secret six months later in paris
drunk booker is astonished to meet queen
in his apartment
by the look of her eyes she looked
somehow evil now
and studious
bye have a great time